
Methods that may be provided by plugins:

new(ctx)
  return a plugin object

will_build(ctx, output_file, IO item)
  return true if the plugin will attempt to build the output file for the IO item
  false if not

build(ctx, output_file, IO item)
  actually try to build the output file.  return true if successful

initialize_input($ctx, $input)
  Modify the $input node somehow. For example, if there is a filename
  but no contents, read the contents and store them in the node.
  Indexers run during this phase. One plugin will annotate each node
  with the file's last-modified date. Another will annotate each node
  with the file's should-be-published status. Another, if running in
  test mode, will switch the should-be-published status to true but
  annotate the item with a tag that is noticed during the build phase
  and results in an UNPUBLISHED header being added to the output.

generate(ctx, input_nodes)
  Return a list of io_items that describe output files that should be generated

finished(ctx)
  Run just before the program shuts down


You may be tempted
to have 'build' produce output objects
which are later written to output files,
but this is a bad idea.
You should not be munging HTML.
Instead of embedding a %%TOC HERE%% code in the output
which is later substituted with a TOC,
there should be a TOC plugin
that builds the toc
and puts it into the context.
The HTML builder can then get the toc
from the context
and insert it into the output
at the time the file is written.

But how are you going to make something like BOOKLINK work then?  
And how are you going to handle markdown processing?
There should be a markdown processor
which gets control before the standard HTML processor.

Idea: output plugins, 
such as html/rss/atom,
will look for an output_text element
in the input object.
If it's missing, they die.
The loader plugin will initialize it
with the original file text.
The macro processor can modify it;
the markdown processor will replace it with HTML.
Input items will have a MIME type
which can be modified as necessary.

Idea: add a debug flag to Suxsom
which describe which plugins
are actually called
during each phase of processing.


